Who are you?
What are your dreams?
What thought keep you from living in the present?
What is your passion?
How do you feel talking about sex with others? Why do you think you feel this way?
How do you want to be remembered?
What principles do you lead your life by?
Do you believe in a higher being?
What are your thoughts on meditation? Are you open to trying it?
What habits do you need to let go of?
What habits should you adopt?
What is something you've wanted to do, but were turned down for by friends or family? What advice did they give you?
What is your favorite book? Why did its message resonate with you?
If you were to write a book, what would it be about? What message do you want to deliver to the world?
What is the best compliment you have ever received? Why did it leave such a lasting impression of you? What does this tell about yourself?
How much do you trust yourself around others? How genuine are you in social settings? Tell me a moment in which you were fully able to be you in a group setting?
What advice would you give your past self now?
What makes you laugh the most?
Tell me your thoughts on life after death.
What are your feeling about contraception?
Feminism?
Are you pro-life or pro-choice? Why?
What's more important talent or hard work?
How much control do you think you have over your fate?
Tell me your relax routine.
How strong is your faith in your government or community?
What's your opinion on patriotism?
How competitive are you? Do you think you need to change that? What made you this way?
When was the last time you thought you would fail, but you ultimately succeeded? What message would you give to your detractors?
Have you experienced being descriminated against due to gender, race, or religion? What could you have done better to cope with it?
What's your most precious childhood memory? Why?
Tell me a strong reaction you had recenlty when provoked. Why did this provoction affect you?
How do you approach others after they've offended or disappointed you?
What do you have faith in? How strong is your faith? Tell me a time in which your faith was challenge and you were able to overcome it.
Recall a story you were told as a child that first taught you about the power of faith? How does this story resonate with you now?
What are your weaknesses? How have you tried to make up for them in the past? Did it help?
What aspects of you do you feel insecure about?
What do you wish others woudn't know about you?
What about you do you tend to hide from others?
Tell me your nightmare life, a life in which your biggest fears have come trueWhat is it like? Is it possible that you've made your fears to be larger than they really are?
What do you fear of losing?
What is something you should've let go of a long time ago?
What are you pet peeves about others? What do these you tell you about yourself?
What is your most valued possession? Why is it improtant to you? What value does it bring to your life?
What parts of your body do you love?
What mistakes do you regret having made?
What's one thing you can do first thing in the morning to make sure the rest of your day is a breeze?
Why are you grateful today?
What activities are you talented at?
What's the best way to change somebody's life?
Who's your role model now?
What is the best version of you? What challenges did they face to become the best version of you?
What advice would you tell your present self tell your past self?
If you could program yourself to do anything, what would it be?
What would you tell the opposite sex the challenges with being your sex?
What are your thoughts and feelings on same-sex marriage?
Tell me the gender biases that you may have?
How do you spend your day? Are you happy with how you spend your day?
Whom do you spend most of your time with? Are they the people that matter most to you? Do they deserve your time?
Are you spending quality time with the family? How could you make family moments more special?
If money and time were no trouble, what would you do with your time?
how do you manage your time? How can you make your time more effective?
From your perspective, what is spirituality like?
What is the best way to give back to your friends, family and community?
Can you remember an experience that you did a good deed for someone? Think what came to mind first.
How has your idea of spirituality grown since you were a kid? What did you believe then and what do you believe now?
How can you grow in spirit?
Tell me a breakthrough moment when you overcome fearWhy did you do it? What are you afraid of?
How do you make decisions? What factors come into play? What values do you adhere to when making tough decisions?
How do you spend quality time with yourself?
Are you happy with your life now? What makes you happy?
How would you describe your relationship with your family?
How healthy is your relationship with your friends?
Where do you get your happiness from? Is it from within or from others?
Who or what drains your energy? How does it affect you?
What makes you angry?
Do you strive for excellence or perfection?
Are you passionate about your job?
What do you hate doing?
What kind of images, feelings, visions would push you into becoming what you're meant to become?
Who planted a seed of love in you? Whose love do you cherish and are grateful for having recieved?
Tell me about your ideal life?
What problem would you help solve? How?
Who are you today? Who are you 5 years from now?
What are the top values you would like to embody as a person? How so?
What are the things that you seek social approval of?
Tell me a time you acted in spite of absolute fear
If you were to die now, what would you regret ot having done?
What artform have you used to express all your cretivity? Why?
What is your favorite quote?
How much love do you give? How much love do you recieve? Is there a deficit? Surplus? How do you feel about this?
Do you live your life comparing yourself to others?
How do you spend time observing your life? Seeing it, analyzing it, evaluatng it?
What is your leisure time like? How can you make it better?
What is your thoughts on social media?
Tell me a time when you were connected with your spirituality. What was it like?
What's the greatest show of humility you've ever experienced?
What's the biggest factor that determines whether you follow someone's advice or not?
How is the you today better than the you from yesterday? How can you be better tomorrow?
What can you live without?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why?
What would constitute a “perfect” day for you?
When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else?
If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 0-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
what do you feel most grateful?
If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?
 What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What is your most treasured memory?
What is your most terrible memory?
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?
What does friendship mean to you?
What roles do love and affection play in your life?
How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?
How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?
What was an embarrassing moment in your life?
When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself?
What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about?
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven’t you told them yet?
